all right mana the biggest question out
there after you sign your new contract
is can I have a loan no you can't have
it done you know you know you helped me
you're very you're very imagine content
you told me in a pre-season you said if
I have to pack my bags and go somewhere
else so be it you would seem to be at
peace with the business of it now that
it's all over how much was it tearing
you up inside at that point I was really
trying to work my mind into it I wasn't
convinced but I was trying to I knew it
was an option I didn't have another
option so I was talking to my wife
trying to say okay listen
in July maybe an option that we had to
go some other City but I never wanted to
I'm so comfortable here we've been have
been so successful and it's such a great
franchise that I my idea was always to
stay around people don't understand
because this guy's makes so much money
but your future is still your future
it's all relative and you've got to go
out and play basketball but at the same
time with that hanging over your over
your shoulder obviously your play hasn't
shown that you were thinking about it
how much of a burden was it it was a
burner at the beginning of the season to
tell you the truth I I was thinking
about it probably way too much there
were days where I was frustrated other
days I was upset some other days I said
okay I understand is they have a point
in blah blah blah but you know in
January on I can forget about it I
started to feel better and I said okay
things are gonna work out I know I'm as
good as always I can compete as always
and I'm gonna do good so that's where I
started to forget about everything when
when people asked the Spurs about it up
to two months ago their answer was
literally quote we don't really know
what we have in Manu ginóbili because is
he gonna be healthy you know we can
anybody really tell us what we're gonna
have in mono that hurts your feelings
that they didn't know what they had him
on yes doesn't that was the toughest
part for me because it's not that I had
like you know such a severe injury that
I couldn't they didn't know if I was
gonna play again I just had a you know a
fracture and my fibula the last time and
I think that everybody recovers from
that so that's why why I was a little
upset and I know the part I didn't
understand that much but I know in the
first few months I it wasn't me I I
didn't play as well as the seasons
before so in that regard I understood
and once in February I started to play
well again I realized that they wanted
me back you not only doing that you've
you've taken your game to a whole new
level people are comparing you to LeBron
and Kobe the fans are chanting MVP
from an old rusty Argentinian to LeBron
Cory I think we got to find a halfway
right that is okay I understand how it
works I mean you're taking over games
you're taking over games and you're
beating teams like the Lakers in
Cleveland with you they lose the Nets
without you do you think that little
stretch kind of cemented what the Spurs
and hurried them up I think it did
definitely did that's when I realized
that they really wanted me back before
we were getting closer but still a long
way to go but in the last month or so I
knew everything was gonna go the right
way and I was gonna end up staying how
do you feel when you hear Tim Duncan say
we've got it now make it his team I mean
like LeBron and Kobe if we're gonna do
anything this year he's gonna have to be
our go-to guy you've proven it and even
when Tony comes back it looks like
they're gonna give you the ball well I
haven't heard it yes you are just
telling me you know TD doesn't say those
things usually of course I'm very happy
that that happened very honored in such
a great team with all-stars all around
and they've power forward in the history
of the game and a great point guard and
reach our Jefferson and all that that
they are saying that is a great feeling
did you feel like if we're gonna do
anything this year that's I'm gonna have
to just and we're getting so frustrated
the way we're playing I'm not gonna let
this happen we're gonna save this season
and you kind of put it on your back I'm
not that good to say okay I'm gonna say
this
season but of course I felt the distance
of urgency that we had to do something
and that I really had to step up my game
and Tim had to step up his game and
Richard and everybody so it really
worked up we're pretty well in the last
month and but you know sometimes you do
everything possible and then the shots
don't fall or you miss the layup or they
make the winning shot and you can't win
and then you used to start stumbling
again so the last month things started
going our way and felt better one other
thing I want to talk to you about you we
talked for a long time in the preseason
interview about how important it was for
you to play for Argentina you had said
being in Beijing may it cost me a lot of
money and it turns out it didn't but
going forward does this new contract
preclude you from playing again no no
that's something I made everybody clear
I now retired from the national team I
don't know if I'm gonna play this year
but as I said I'm I'm straightforward
and I said to this perseverance and to
everybody playing olympic games is the
most amazing experience that anybody can
any athlete can live I'm planning on do
it and again so I told him that is that
it was my idea to do it again and they
understand how I feel how because I
would do the same for the Spurs i if I'm
hurt if I'm struggling or doing
something I would do everything I have
to to represent well and make my team
win well Argentina is my team so the
dollar amount the 40 million dollar the
investment they never said hey we're
gonna pay this kind of money you're
gonna have to realize where your
priorities are it was a long
conversation we we started kind of you
know apart from each other but then we
we both made a couple sacrifices and we
we understood each other we don't know
yet and the other great thing that came
out of this whole thing is that you're
now following me on Twitter
now I follow into Canada
huge huge so I'll be right following
your news out to the minute
so we'll say you get injured interest me
okay keep it keep it spicy noticed you
only started following me after I
tweeted something about Manu ginóbili
well because I didn't know man I don't
have people like telling me every every
minute buddy when are you aware I saw
you well now I have to learn Spanish if
I'm gonna follow you yeah we have to be
bilingual
I don't do only one language so I can
order off the menu at Taco Cabana carne
asada but you can pay and Spanish and
say the numbers and everything or no
then you're not quality guy oh that's
not enough you're gonna step up your
game man